I swear,
I already told you
everything I know.
BETHANY:
Let's begin
by getting a baseline.
Is your name Nora Perez?
You know it is.
Damn it! Yes or no?
Yes.
BETHANY:
Is today Saturday?
-Yes.
-Then tell me,
was it you who divulged
my secret information?
For the thousandth time, no.
Not now, Mom.
Sorry to interrupt, sweetie,
but makeup's ready for Nora.
BETHANY:
But I haven't found
-the snitch yet.
-It's okay, honey.
I know you've been
trying your best,
and that's all that matters.
(scoffs)
("White Wedding"
by Billy Idol playing)
♪ It's a nice day
to start again
♪
♪ It's a nice day
for a white wedding... ♪
I cannot undertake
the sacred vow of marriage
when the sacred vow
of friendship
has been so heinously violated.
So which one of you has been
trashing my wedding online?
♪ Hey, little sister... ♪
SANDRA:
Well, sweetheart,
I know you wanted all
the details to be a surprise,
but at least people
are talking about it, right?
BETHANY:
To ridicule me.
They are calling me
a bridezilla.
You sent us to a nutritionist.
I was concerned
about your health.
You told her to make sure
none of us
were thinner than you today.
You sound like
you're holding a grudge.
Are you the one
that's going online
-and trashing me?
-SANDRA: Sweetheart,
the wedding's in two hours.
Maybe it's time
we got you in your dress.
Fine. I will kill two birds
with one stone,
and find a rat in the process.
♪ For a white wedding... ♪
Hey, girl.
Don't "Hey, girl" me.
I still haven't
cleared your name.
♪ Start again... ♪
(panting)
-Is your name Olivia Burnham?
-Yes.
♪ And there's nothing sure
in this world... ♪
Sorry. Technical error.
I'm not any getting power.
(grunts)
♪ In this world ♪
♪ Start again ♪
(people screaming)
♪ Come on ♪
♪ It's a nice day
for a white wedding... ♪
(screaming)
SANDRA:
Sweetheart!
♪ Nice day to start again ♪
♪ It's a nice day
for a white wedding. ♪
BOBBY:
Circuit must've overloaded
from all these power cords.
Chim, how's our bride doing?
-CHIMEY: Just a second.
-(coughing)
(others murmuring)
What-what happened?
HEN:
You experienced an
electrical shock and passed out.
BOBBY:
Is this a polygraph machine?
Um, yeah.
Is it, is it still working?
CHIMNEY:
Maybe if you're looking
to grill something.
BUCK:
I thought you were
getting ready for a wedding.
EDDIE:
Is this some kind
of reality show?
CHIMNEY:
Got a nasty exit wound
on the sole
of her foot
from the electricity.
She probably absorbed
at least 1,800 watts.
Bethany's just a little nervous
about her big day,
wanting everything
to be just right.
NORA:
She thinks one of us
is a saboteur,
mocking her online, anonymously.
One of you is.
And I am gonna find out
who "Trapped_By_Bridezilla_
One-hundred-percent" is
-before I walk down the aisle.
-HEN: The only place
you should be walking
is into an ER.
There's no telling what that
current did to you internally.
So we're gonna need to take you
to the hospital for an ECG.
(laughs)
Unacceptable.
-Ma'am, no. No, ma'am...
-Because I...
-Whoa, whoa, whoa.
-Ma'am, please take it easy.
-I'm getting married
in less than two hours.
How's my makeup?
BOBBY:
Uh, well,
I think they can
probably fix that.
(gasps)
Right.
Right, 'cause we can just
paint a new eyebrow on, right?
BUCK:
Yeah, I-I mean, I-I saw
this makeup thing online,
and this woman made her face
look like a skull.
-It was cool.
-We'll just do
a photo shoot
after our honeymoon.
EDDIE:
Yeah. Today, you have the veil.
Right. So the only thing
left to address
-is the snitch.
-SANDRA: Sweetie.
Can't we just let it go
and celebrate
the happiest day of our lives?
My life. My day.
And I'm not going down the aisle
when there is a traitor
-in my midst.
-(groans)
-It was me.
-(others gasping)
I'm Trapped_By_Bridezilla_
One-hundred-percent.
OLIVIA:
Um, I-I'm Trapped_By_Bridezill_-
One-hundred-percent.
SANDRA:
Damn it! We're not doing
Spartacus! I actually am
Trapped_By_Bridezilla_
One-hundred-percent,
because have I been in hell
this last year with you.
-Betrayer!
-I always suspected we were
too lenient with you, Bethany,
that we spoiled you too much,
-but dear God, you're a monster.
-That's it!
You are officially
excommunicated
-from the wedding.
-But I'm paying for it!
Well, the check's
already cleared.
So I want you gone.
All of you! Get out!
All I need are new eyebrows
and my dress.
BOBBY:
Yeah, about that...
(screams, wailing)
BUCK:
Sorry.
-EDDIE: Good luck
with the wedding.
-(screams)
♪ ♪
LUIS: A seven-year-old boy
presents with persistent cough,
low-grade fever and runny nose.
His parents tell you
that he hasn't had immunization
since he was about
four years old,
and that he vomits
after prolonged coughing spells.
What is your diagnosis?
Well, first I'd listen
to his lungs.
And depending on that,
I would need his BP...
Eh. Time's up.
Pertussis,
better known as whooping cough.
Treatment
is macrolide antibiotics
for bacterial infection.
Don't "eh" me.
I was getting there, eventually.
Hi, Mrs. Wilson.
-Hi.
-HEN: Hey, Ma.
-You going out?
-Picking up some groceries.
Karen called,
told me about that
farmers market over by the park.
Did she say how it's going
over at her brother's?
Is Denny having a good time?
Karen said they're running
around like a pack
of wild animals
after a yearlong hibernation.
(laughter)
Maybe I'll bring you guys
back a treat.
Cookies always did the trick
when you were studying as a kid.
-They still do for me.
-Gotcha.
-(bones cracking)
-Ah!
-Oh!
Ma. You okay?
Damn back acting up again.
HEN: Ma, you look like
you're sweating.
-Do you got a fever?
-Oh, honey,
just because you're studying
to be a doctor
doesn't mean I'm interested
in being a patient.
I will pop a couple
of ibuprofen, it'll pass.
You sure?
Good luck with your studying.
(Toni wincing softly)
(grunts)
SYDNEY:
Okay. What's the next question?
HARRY:
Popcorn bucket.
Screen.
Movie.
Movie theater, movie theater.
-MICHAEL: Oh, come on.
-Ding, ding, a movie theater.
How did you get "movie theater"
from that?
You two must have
some kind of sibling shorthand.
No, it's called cheating.
Okay? Uh-- Listen,
you know, where's Bobby?
I need my partner.
I'm not sure where he is.
He should have been home by now.
Just said he was having lunch
with someone from work.
And I thought
I was your partner.
Oh, baby, I-I just usually
play with Bobby, that's all.
Oh, it's for your own safety,
trust me.
Bobby is the only one
who can deal with Michael's
competitive streak.
-You'll thank me later.
-(door opens)
-Oh, there he is. Hey.
-Hey.
-Bobby!
-Hey, I'm sorry I'm late.
Lunch went long.
-Bobby!
-Oh, that's okay.
We were just doing a couple
of practice rounds
till you got here.
You ready to kick some butt,
partner?
I am, I just got to get
these clothes off--
I've been racing around--
take a shower,
-and then I'll join you guys.
-A shower?
Yeah, it'll just be a minute.
(door closes)
♪ ♪
Wheatgrass is
Mother Nature's green elixir.
It can cure
just about anything.
Even helps people lose weight.
I believe it.
I'm pretty sure I'd lose my
appetite after a shot of this.
Everything you see here
is vegan, non-GMO,
free from wheat, gluten,
dairy, egg and soy.
TONI:
So what's it made out of? Air?
Finally. Food I recognize.
And a smell I wish I didn't.
VENDOR:
Don't be scared off by the
smell; the taste is incredible.
Savory, sweet and creamy
all at once.
It's a culinary adventure.
I think I'm looking more
for a culinary
walk around the block.
You know, maybe some grapes,
a couple of oranges.
VENDOR: We have Jaffa oranges,
Cara Cara navel, blood orange.
Were you looking
for anything in particular?
Are you okay?
Ma'am? Ma'am, are you okay?
Someone call 911!
(indistinct P.A. announcement)
HEN:
Ma.
Are you okay?
Hi, baby. I'm okay.
Just a little banged up.
-What happened?
-SAMPSON: Your mother
experienced a freak syncopal
episode, possibly vasovagal.
TONI:
A what?
HEN:
You got dizzy
because your heart rate
and blood pressure
suddenly dropped.
Did she mention she was also
experiencing back pains earlier?
SAMPSON:
Her chart shows
back surgery following
a car accident in 2004.
HEN:
I thought she might have been
running a fever earlier.
Henrietta, I'm fine.
Mom, you're in
the emergency room.
Clearly you're not fine.
SAMPSON:
Uh, her temperature
was normal upon admittance.
I mean, this could also be
dehydration, or maybe an allergy
to something
at the farmers market.
Or sometimes people just faint.
That's...
That's it? You...
"People just faint"?
Did you do an-an echo?
An echo isn't indicated.
She should talk
to her primary care physician
about adjusting
her blood pressure medication.
Maybe think about making
some adjustments to her diet.
Could help to lose weight.
And, uh, maybe stay off WebMD.
Your mother's fine.
(Hen scoffs)
He was useless.
A complete waste
of a doctor's coat.
Which is why I never go.
(sirens wailing)
Uh... Yeah.
What do you think?
That's better, right?
I think it looks
exactly the same?
I just want everything
to be perfect.
It's been over a year.
It's gonna be awesome.
-(knock on door)
-CHRISTOPHER: Coming!
Okay.
-Carla!
-(laughing)
Hey!
-Hey...
-Hey!
(laughs):
Hey.
-Oh, I missed my boys.
-Oh...
Oh, I missed you.
-I missed you.
-Yeah?
-Oh. (laughs)
-(Eddie laughs)
(laughter)
I'm sure your teacher
was thrilled.
(laughter)
-Oh, no, no, let me get those.
-Oh, please.
You prepared a lovely meal.
I can help Eddie clean up.
You can't go in the kitchen.
-Oh.
-ANA: Oh, that's right.
Mm-hmm.
We have some business
to take care of.
-We do, don't we?
-Okay. (chuckles)
It is so good to have you back.
We missed you.
(chuckles)
-I'm sorry about your father.
-Me, too.
I'm just grateful I was able
to spend that time with him.
-Mm.
-Still...
I know I left you in the lurch,
and I'm sorry for that.
Oh, no, no, no.
You were where
you were supposed to be.
I'm glad you had that time, too.
Mm.
Christopher seems good.
I know you were worried
about him.
-Yeah, he's doing a lot better.
-Mm.
Almost back to his old
happy self.
And he loves having Ana around.
What about Dad?
How does he feel about
the young Ms. Flores?
(laughs)
It's nice.
-(Carla laughs)
-It's, uh...
-easy being with her.
-Ana is lovely.
And I'm glad that you're
finally moving on.
But just be sure that you're
following your heart,
not Christopher's, okay?
(door opens)
BOTH:
Surprise!
CHRISTOPHER:
Happy birthday, Carla.
But my birthday's in March.
And we missed it twice.
You got me two cakes.
(laughs)
Light the candles, Dad.
Okay, this is a disturbing
number of candles.
-(laughter)
-Thank goodness
there's a firefighter
in the house.
(laughter)
CARLA:
Thank you, honey.
(laughter)
(Jee-Yun crying)
SUE:
You okay?
That's the third cup you've had
in the last hour.
Not that I'm counting.
More of a guestimate.
I didn't know
it was humanly possible
to feel this tired.
So Jee's still not sleeping
through the night?
No, that would mean
she would have to
stop crying long enough
to actually sleep.
The doctor says that it's colic,
but I don't know.
It's... it's the way she cries.
No matter what I try,
nothing calms her.
Well, what about you?
Are you doing anything
to soothe yourself?
-I'm just doing my job.
-(computer ringing)
911. What's your emergency?
CHARLIE:
My mom, she fell,
and now she's stuck.
Can you send help
to get her out?
-What's your location?
-We're at home.
The Regal Pointe Apartments.
Okay, help is on the way.
What's your name?
-Charlie.
-Charlie, can you tell me
if your mom is hurt?
SHEILA:
Help!
I don't know. I'm not supposed
to go out there. I'm sick.
It's okay. You did the right
thing by calling.
Where exactly is she stuck?
-(Sheila gasping)
-The balcony.
She fell through the floor.
It's like it swallowed her up.
(gasping)
Help!
-(siren wailing)
-(horn honks)
(gasping)
(mechanical whirring)
(indistinct shouting)
-(siren wailing)
-Help!
(balcony cracking)
-(nervous chatter)
-BOBBY: All right, Buck,
-get up there.
I'll be right behind you.
-Okay.
BOBBY (over bullhorn):
Ma'am, this is the LAFD.
We're on our way up to you now.
Just, uh, hang on tight.
♪ ♪
Oh, uh, hi-hi there.
Sir, can-can we use your balcony
for a few minutes?
It's, uh, to help her.
-CLARENCE: Sheila?
-Hi, Clarence.
Come on in.
I'm gonna cook inside.
All right. LAFD, ma'am.
We'll get you out of there.
Okay, Eddie, it's your turn.
Head on up.
♪ ♪
EDDIE:
Hey.
How you doing?
I know I put on
a few quarantine pounds,
but I didn't think
it was this bad.
Well, from the looks of you,
I don't think you have
anything to worry about.
But you are stuck in there
pretty good.
I'm gonna put this
rescue strap around you,
secure you to that ladder,
so if the rest
of this balcony goes,
you stay up here with me.
Sound good?
Sounds great.
But also a thing I didn't know
to be afraid of until right now.
No need to be afraid.
I got you.
Okay.
All right, guys,
keep sending up the ladder.
It's okay, sweetie.
Don't worry.
-Your son?
-Yeah.
Who would've guessed the worst
part about being a single mom
is having nobody to pull you out
of the balcony
after you've crashed through it?
(both chuckle)
EDDIE:
The wood looks
completely rotted.
Probably water damage
or termites.
It's a good thing
he wasn't out here.
Figures. This place
is practically
falling down around us.
I can't afford to do repairs,
and my landlord
never fixes anything.
Maybe a visit
from the fire department
might change his attitude.
How we looking down there, guys?
BOBBY:
Okay, we shored up the balcony
as best we could.
We got a platform underneath
in case she falls.
You're not gonna fall.
I just have to leave
for a minute.
I got to go let our paramedics
in the door.
Okay.
You must be Charlie the hero.
-(pounding on door)
-I didn't do anything.
You did exactly what you're
supposed to, you called 911.
That was quick thinking of you.
You really helped out your mom.
(balcony creaking)
HEN:
Vitals are good. BP's 120/80.
Copy that.
She definitely cut her leg, Cap.
I saw some blood dripping.
We can't access her
till we pull it out.
BOBBY:
Okay, let's pry away
those rotted wooden slats,
make a bigger opening,
then we lift her up and out.
Buck, Eddie, get yourself
on safety lines
before you head out there,
in case this whole thing goes.
BUCK:
Okay, should be enough
of a gap around
to pull her out now.
(grunting)
Sheila, put your arms
around my neck and hold on.
-I'll pull you up.
-(grunting)
I got you.
All right, let's get her
on the board.
(pained groans)
-SHEILA: It hurts.
-CHIMNEY: Looks pretty bad.
The wood really tore her leg up.
-She's gonna need stitches.
-I can't go to the hospital.
Ma'am, a doctor needs to
clean this and sew it up
so it can heal properly,
-not to mention a tetanus shot.
-No, but Charlie.
BOBBY:
Oh, he can ride with you
to the hospital.
We've got plenty of room.
He has an autoimmune disease,
and the hospital is the worst
place for a sick child.
All those germs.
And I don't really have
anyone to stay with him.
I'll stay. I have a kid
around Charlie's age.
-We'll get along fine.
-No, that's--
I can't ask you to do that.
You didn't ask. I offered.
SHEILA:
No, no, I can't leave him.
Please.
Hey, Charlie.
Want to help me out
with the ropes, kid?
(sighs)
(sniffs)
ATHENA:
Bourbon.
His shirt reeked of it.
Yeah, but Bobby hasn't had
a drink in years, has he?
Not that I know.
But he's been acting
strange, distant.
Put that together
with a bourbon-soaked shirt,
and I don't know what to think.
Except maybe he's
drinking again.
Well, have you talked
to him, Athena?
Oh, not yet.
I'm not even sure what to say.
Every question sounds
like an accusation.
I can see that you're worried,
but I got to say
none of this sounds
like the Bobby I know.
The problem is, there's a Bobby
I never met.
The one who lost everything
because he lost control.
Yeah, but he isn't
that man anymore.
He thinks he could be.
A few months back,
the drunk driver
who caused the pileup
on the 710--
Bobby told me there was
only one difference
between the two of them:
one bad day.
What if he's had
that one bad day?
MICHAEL:
Hmm.
CHARLIE:
You're lucky.
My mom's a terrible cook,
but your dad's great.
Did he order take-out?
I was thinking the same thing.
Hey, watch it, I'm right here.
-Oh, shoot.
-No worries.
I got it.
Uh, where does your mom keep
the paper towels?
Upper cabinet.
CARLA: Charlie,
what school do you go to?
I don't go to school.
Because I'm sick.
We move around a lot.
I'm not supposed to go out,
except for doctors'
appointments.
CHRISTOPHER:
What kind of doctors?
I don't know, all kinds.
We're always going
to see a new one.
Whew. Sounds expensive.
What's your mom do for work?
She always says her job is
to take care of me.
We're lucky because
we get donations
from a Fund Me page.
Ah.
-I'm home.
-Hey.
Look who's back.
-And all patched up.
-Hi, Mom.
You cooked for him.
Charlie has a very
sensitive stomach.
Figured you'd be a little wobbly
when you got back.
-Just wanted to make it
easier for you.
-Don't worry, Mom,
I don't feel sick or anything.
-That's great, sweetheart.
-Oh,
this is my new friend
Christopher.
CHRISTOPHER:
Hi, Charlie's mom.
Bye, Charlie's mom.
-Bye, Charlie. Bye, Dad.
-Bye, guys.
He's super cool.
Do you think we could
hang out sometime?
(Sheila sighs)
We'll have to see.
No, Mom, I'm not nagging you,
I'm-I'm just checking on you.
Okay, great.
-Well, maybe you should...
-(phone beeps)
And she hung up on me.
(laughs):
Take it as a positive sign.
Must mean she's feeling better.
So how are you doing?
Fine.
I'm still a little freaked out
not knowing
what's wrong with my mom.
Well, maybe you should
take her to see a specialist.
I would, but I need
to have some idea
of what's wrong first.
And that doctor was no help.
He practically dismissed us.
Eh, you know how crazy
it can get in the ER.
Not that I'm not defending him,
I'm just saying.
He barely acknowledged
we were in the room, Chim.
And when I asked questions,
he acted as if I offended him.
Like, "How dare you?"
I mean, I hate to think it,
but maybe our experience
would have been different
if he had looked more like us.
I was a 12-year-old Korean boy
translating to the doctor
on behalf of my sick mother.
Makes you wonder how bad it is
for a patient
who doesn't have anyone,
no one to advocate for them.
That's why people like you
and me can't put
all our trust in doctors.
Because they don't trust us.
To know how we're feeling,
to-to know
when something's wrong.
I know something's wrong, Chim.
What you need
are some brilliant medical minds
to bounce ideas off of.
You know any of those?
I'm pretty sure you do.
("Private Idaho" by The B-52's
playing)
HEN:
This is what we call
the index of suspicion,
where we assess
how seriously a condition
should be considered
-as a diagnosis.
-Henrietta.
Mom, please. Just humor me.
Okay.
Do your worst.
LUIS:
62-year-old female presents
with dizziness
and intermittent back pain.
Patient has a history
of high blood pressure
and smoking.
I haven't had a cigarette
since before Henrietta was born.
Still goes in the history.
BP's normal,
heart rate's a little elevated,
-but that could be stress.
-Okay, so why would
she be stressed?
Maybe because you keep
referring to me as "she."
What about kidney failure?
Could explain the back pain.
It would've shown up in the
blood labs from the hospital.
One of the few tests
they did take.
Could be an inner ear problem,
like, uh, Ménière's disease.
Would explain the loss
of balance and dizziness.
(whispers):
Ma, can you hear me?
Of course I can hear you.
Okay, here's a crazy thought.
Huntington's disease?
-I hadn't considered that.
-SYDNEY: Mrs. Wilson,
are you experiencing
any other loss
of motor function?
I did my nails this morning.
I think they look pretty good.
LUIS:
Has she been around ticks?
We haven't thought about
Lyme disease, have we?
-HEN: Lupus?
-LUIS: Multiple sclerosis?
SYDNEY:
Iron deficiency? Anemia?
HEN:
Cross that off the list.
-SYDNEY: No,
her limbs aren't stiff.
-LUIS: Scratch that.
-HEN: Take that off the list.
-LUIS: Nah, we checked that.
I think we've exhausted
our options.
I told you I was fine.
But I do appreciate
your diligence.
(gasping)
M-Mom?
-(groaning)
-Ma.
She's burning up.
Her heart is racing.
Picking up a pulsating
sensation around her navel.
It's definitely cardiac.
-Her abdominal aorta?
-A triple A?
HEN:
An abdominal aortic aneurysm.
Ma, we got to get you
to the hospital.
Wai-- You think it ruptured?
I mean, if it did, she...
She's gonna die.
(Toni groans)
-(Jee-Yun crying)
-CHIMNEY: I'm home!
Maddie?
(exhales):
Oh. Good, you're back.
Oh, come here, sweet baby.
How was your day?
Fine, except
for the nonstop crying.
That's okay.
♪ Strong men also cry. ♪
Don't they, Jee-Yun?
Are you okay?
Something else going on?
It's the way she cries,
like she's in pain.
All the time, and I just
don't know how to help her.
Oh, it's just the colic.
I wish there was more we could
do to soothe her, but...
Ugh, God, why is everyone
so damn focused
on being soothed right now?
I'm sorry.
To both of you.
CHIMNEY:
There you go.
That's better, huh?
You're really good with her.
So are you.
You've been doing great.
You know what? I have not had
a minute to myself all day.
So, you good with her
while I hop in the shower?
No place I'd rather be.
Right? Huh, baby Jee?
Miss Daddy?
Yeah, he missed you, too. Okay.
LUIS:
Just need to borrow this.
-SYDNEY: Okay, all right.
Just right here.
-HEN: Ma, get in.
-Uh, can I help you?
-SYDNEY: Go. I got this.
Yes, you can.
I was actually thinking
of having surgery
at this hospital,
but I kind of want
to vet it first.
Vet the hospital?
SYDNEY:
Uh, yes, and I have
a few questions.
Uh, so this might
take a few minutes.
Why don't you write this down?
-NURSE: Can I help you?
-HEN: I have a patient.
Female, 62 years old.
She's experiencing dizziness,
back pain,
and orthostatic hypotension.
Could be looking
at abdominal aortic aneurysm.
We need an electrocardiogram
to verify, stat.
-Uh...
-LUIS: Hello?
-You heard her.
-Uh, of course.
I'll get someone right away.
Echo and EKG show
severe deterioration
of the abdominal aorta.
Imaging shows that a rupture
was imminent.
They're prepping her
for surgery now.
So, she's okay?
They should be able
to graft the artery, yeah.
The surgical team will be by
in a few minutes,
go over the procedure with you,
answer any questions
you may have.
Hopefully more thoroughly
than you were the other day.
(laughs softly):
I beg your pardon?
She could have died
if I hadn't brought her back in.
You sent us home
with-with no explanation,
no diagnosis
and barely any treatment.
Look, I am sorry
that I missed it.
But the important thing
is that we caught it in time...
...and your mother
is gonna be fine.
"We"?
You know, when I'm out
in the field on a call,
I have a split second
to diagnose a patient,
if I'm lucky.
I-I can't run blood,
do an X-ray or-or order an echo.
All I have is what I know,
and my ability to listen
to what the patient is saying.
Even with every tool
a-at your disposal,
you still got it wrong.
Okay, what-what would you
have had me do differently?
Believe them when they tell you
that something is wrong.
Start there.
(toys beeping and whirring)
EDDIE:
Oh.
-Carla.
-Uh, here you go.
CHRISTOPHER:
Does he like video games?
I have some old ones
I don't play anymore.
You know what, I'm not sure.
I didn't see a television
when I was there.
-You know, let's just stick
to books and toys.
-No TV?
-He really does need our help.
-(Carla chuckles)
Just remember that help
doesn't always come
in the form of screen time.
-EDDIE: Uh-huh.
-(laughs)
Wow, someone's feeling generous.
Hey, Eddie.
-Can I talk to you for a second?
-Yeah.
Now, don't let him give away
the whole house while I'm gone.
CARLA (laughs):
Okay.
-What's going on?
-I was thinking about
what you said,
how that family
supports themselves
through their Fund Me page,
so I started looking around...
You went snooping?
I was trying to make a donation.
Maybe circulate it
on the faculty newsletter.
But I think there's
something wrong with this woman.
(laughs softly)
That feels like a leap.
You haven't even met her.
No, but I found
some weird stuff online.
I think she lied to you.
About what?
CARLA:
That's a lot of Fund Me pages.
There's Sheila
and Charlie Burns in El Paso,
Sheila and Charlie Young
in Phoenix,
and Sheila and Charlie Watts
of Santa Fe.
It's him, the same kid
every time,
just with different last names
and different cities.
Charlie did say
they moved around a lot.
That would explain the different
accounts and different cities,
but not the different names.
What did his mom say
his illness was?
(laughs softly)
She didn't. Not really.
Said it was autoimmune.
Well, that's awfully general.
Charlie did say he goes
to a lot of different doctors.
Could be doctor shopping.
Which is what you do
when you're not really sick,
you're just looking for
a doctor to say that you are.
You think she's lying?
Well, we wouldn't be
the only ones.
Most of the Fund Me pages
were shut down,
but the comments are still up.
"This woman is a fraud
and a scammer.
Do not trust her."
"She's a con artist looking
for money and attention."
-Oh, God.
-CARLA: What?
"I think she's making
her kid sick."
Oh, you didn't have
to do dishes.
You cooked.
Well, that's okay.
What do you say,
you want to watch a movie?
May is out
and Harry's at Michael's.
We could have a date night in.
Um, rain check?
I just had a really long day,
I think I got to crash.
Hmm. Is everything okay?
I mean, if something's
bothering you,
if something's on your mind,
you know you can talk to me.
Everything is fine.
-Nothing to talk about.
-It doesn't feel fine.
I'm worried about you.
-Athena, I'm...
-I know you have
your meetings,
and I'm glad you have people
that you can talk to.
-But you can talk to me, too.
-Yeah, I know,
it's-- the meetings...
not the same.
Yeah, I know.
I can never really understand
that part of your life,
but I'd like to try.
Maybe I can go with you
to your meeting?
You have one tomorrow, right?
That is very sweet of you,
but no.
I-I don't have one tomorrow,
but you could come on Saturday.
Great.
Good, okay. Good night.
(Athena exhales)
HEN:
I'm fine, Karen.
You, you stay there.
I'll call you
when I have an update.
You're still here?
You didn't, you didn't have to.
It's your mom.
Thank you.
-For everything.
-(door opens)
SYDNEY:
Hen.
SURGEON:
Ms. Wilson?
Good news.
(laughs softly)
Hey, Ma. How you feeling?
A little sore...
...but a lot grateful.
The surgeon did a good job.
You're gonna make
a full recovery, Ma.
I'm glad to hear that.
But it's not the doctor
I'm grateful for.
You saved my life.
(laughs softly)
Well, the truth is,
I got used to having you around.
So I'm not ready
to let you go just yet.
I won't be around forever,
Henrietta.
-Ma...
-I won't.
So let me say this.
I am so proud of you.
Henrietta, you... working
so hard and going to school,
taking care of your family.
I know it's a struggle.
But it is worth it.
Because people like me?
We need doctors like you.
So, promise me...
...no matter how hard it gets,
you won't give up.
You promise?
I promise.
Guess B shift's
still out on a call.
BUCK:
Damn.
-You're early.
-EDDIE: Couldn't sleep.
You remember the mom
the other day? Sheila?
-With the sick kid?
-BOTH: Yeah.
He's not sick. Not really.
She's making him sick.
Probably for years.
Munchausen by proxy?
That's a big accusation, Eddie.
EDDIE:
I tracked down some people
that knew them before.
All signs point to it.
The nonspecific
autoimmune disease,
the revolving door of doctors.
He's frail, he's weak,
he's always throwing up.
She's poisoning him.
Poisoning him? W-With what?
Eye drops.
I saw them in the kitchen.
CHIMNEY:
Eye drops. Tetrahydrozoline
could cause the symptoms
that you're talking about.
It can be lethal
if it's ingested,
doesn't show up
on a standard toxicology test.
-You have to know to look
for it to find it.
-She's dosing him.
Not enough to kill him
but enough to keep him sick.
I called social services.
They're coming here
to take a report.
Why-why would she do that?
Well, sometimes
it's to gain sympathy.
Oh, or maybe to make a profit.
I found multiple Fund Me pages.
She's conning people
out of their money.
(phone vibrating, ringing)
-Hello?
-CHARLIE: Eddie?
Charlie? You okay?
I think I did a bad thing.
(retching)
(laughs): Athena, come on.
You-you followed him?
Not my finest hour,
but I needed to know
where he was going.
Okay, and?
He went to a meeting.
Now, that's a great thing.
Right?
Except he lied to me about it.
So you still think
that he's hiding something.
(sighs)
Maybe not a what.
Maybe a who.
(speaks indistinctly)
Got to go. Talk later.
(siren wailing)
(tires screeching)
Buckley, you get promoted to
captain when I wasn't looking?
-Only vehicle available.
-Diaz, you called this in?
Yeah. Possible O.D.
She's over here.
I-I don't think she's breathing.
EDDIE:
We're here now, we got her.
MEHTA:
Do we know what she took?
BUCK:
Yeah, uh, Eddie thinks
it's tetrahydrozoline poisoning.
Uh, eye drops.
She always puts drops
in my food.
She thinks I don't see her,
but I do.
I just wanted to see what would
happen if I gave them to her.
-I-I'm sorry.
-Oh, no, that's okay,
that's okay.
You didn't mean to hurt her.
BUCK:
Yeah, the kid's
gonna need treatment, too.
Same kind of poisoning,
just smaller doses.
But for a really long time.
MADDIE:
So she was hurting her own kid?
CHIMNEY (over phone):
Yeah, for money or attention
or something
that doesn't really even matter.
My God. That's terrible.
You know, I never thought
I'd say this, but I'm glad
she fell through
that balcony floor.
At least that kid
will be safe, far away from her.
Yeah. Sounds like
he's better off without her.
Yeah, I guess some people
just aren't meant to be parents.
Anyway, kind of made me
want to hear your voice,
tell you guys
how much I love you.
You're sweet.
How are things there?
I don't hear Jee-Yun crying.
That seems like a good sign.
She's finally asleep.
Well, that's a relief.
Hey, listen, Hen just showed up,
and I want to hear
about her mom.
Can I call you later?
Yeah.
Yeah, we're good here.
There's nothing to worry about.
You followed me to a meeting?
You lied to me.
I couldn't understand why,
and then I saw her.
That's Rachel Hawkerson, the
drunk driver from the pileup.
Are you sponsoring her?
Look, I am trying to help her.
She's having a hard time
finding somebody to talk to
who can actually relate
to what she went through.
The other night, when you came
home smelling like bourbon?
That was Rachel's.
She fell off the wagon
and called me,
she was still drinking
when I got there,
and the bottle spilled on me
when I tried to take it away
from her.
You gonna have to help me out
here, Bobby.
Why didn't you just
tell me what was going on?
Because it's not
my story to tell.
I didn't want to violate
her confidentiality.
Oh, you can tell me
what you're doing
without telling me who.
All the sneaking around,
leaving me in the dark.
Why shut me out? I'm your wife.
Yeah. It's hard when your spouse
keeps things from you.
Trust me, I know.
Wait.
Is this supposed to be
some kind of punishment?
You mean you're keeping
this secret on purpose
-to get back at me?
-No!
I don't know.
I decided to help somebody
and I didn't think
I needed to tell you about it.
You don't let me in
on half the decisions you make.
Like what?
You decided to go back to work
without talking to me about it,
just like you stopped
seeing Dr. Sanford
without mentioning it to me,
and then it turns out
you were offered retirement
and you dismiss it,
and I'm kept completely
in the dark about it.
I didn't think I needed
to ask you for your permission.
You don't.
This is about me
not even being a factor
or a consideration.
You don't--
It doesn't cross your mind
to include me
in the conversation
or wonder what I might think.
We're supposed to be partners,
but the truth is, you don't want
one, at work or in your life.
I'm used to doing things
on my own. That's who I am,
and you knew that
when you married me.
Well, I thought that,
eventually, you would start
to trust me more,
but now I'm starting to think
that you're just gonna
always keep this wall up
and I'm always gonna feel
like an outsider looking in.
Well, maybe you wouldn't feel
like an outsider if you talked
to me instead of playing
this tit-for-tat game.
Marriage isn't supposed
to work like that.
Well, who said
this marriage is working?
We're not partners
because that's how you want it.
-(indistinct radio chatter)
-What about my mom?
-Will I see her at the hospital?
-EDDIE: She's a little
more sick.
She's got to go
to a different hospital.
This is your ride.
SHEILA:
My-my baby!
Where's my baby?
(muffled):
Where's my baby...
(engine starts)
Should've gotten here sooner.
That kid is just lucky
he met you.
MEHTA:
Diaz, you want to ride
with the kid to the hospital?
-Yeah. That'd be gr...
-(gunshot)
-(people screaming)
-MEHTA: Get down!
-(radio crackles)
-Shots fired.
Shots fired.
A firefighter is down.
I repeat, firefighter is down!
Shots fired. Shots fired.
Captioning sponsored by
20th CENTURY FOX TELEVISION
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH
access.wgbh.org